The Joe Rogan experience.
Jamie, I'm gonna send you something is me reacting to him,
knocking out Volkov. <laugh>. This is one of my favorite,
one of my favorite clips, because that knockout was so crazy.
We were in the middle. Here it is right here. I'm gonna set it to you right now.
Jamie here. I just, uh, airdropped it to you.
Wait a minute. How's it not working?
All right. Is it going through, I've got two. Jamie Vernons here.
You got my computer and phone calls. Okay. I'll try both of them.
You got it. Okay.
So that fight to me was, uh,
a perfect example of one of the reasons why people love you is because at any
moment in the fight, yeah. You get end that.
And that was a fight where you were, you were behind on the judge's scorecards.
And we were just saying, it doesn't matter. Like at any moment,
Derek could knock him out. Like, that's the thing that's exciting about you,
but a UFC, because we go so crazy. The UFC's decided to put these cameras on us.
Gimme some volume on this.
Look, everybody going crazy. We, I had to get up.
I had to stand up. I couldn't take it.
That was so nuts. My coach, um, my manager,
my manager at home, he fainted <laugh> <laugh>
Lou, Lou say fainted. Like he couldn't take it either no more.
So everyone was just so, so pumped about that. And I heard,
or that some police was called because my neighbors, our fans was, um,
just going crazy after the fight. Oh man. Oh, that was.
That was wild. That was one of the best come from behind knockouts ever.
But it was, it was wild too, because we just got done saying like,
don't count 'em out. And any moment he could knock 'em out and then boom,
you catch 'em with a big punch and then drop 'em and then boom, put 'em away.
We went.
Nuts. I like one of them, my coach said, okay, we got a minute left,
30 seconds left. Then I'm like, okay. Try to gain.
So I got, I have to let everything out. Um,
a lot of my fights, I finished in the last few seconds of the fight.
So I like to wait the last minute or last two minute and it's left to
really show what I got left in my tank. So.
Well,
that shows your hard work mm-hmm <affirmative> but that you can keep that power
in, in like deep into the fight. That means you did the work in the gym.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like, you still have the, the gas. Yeah. Yeah.
Was that your most satisfying knockout?
That was, yeah, the crowd made it real ex satisfying,
cuz the way they reacted, you know, then seeing that one guy that played in,
um, the one movie, um, gro uh,
group BR what movie is that? Gardens gardens outta the galaxy. Oh.
Chris Pratt. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. He's a big fan. Seen, seen his reaction.
It was like <laugh> made it all work well.
Yeah. Yeah. No, that was a big one. That was a big one.
Yeah. Yeah. I wish the fans was here for the Curtis fight.
I'm pretty sure they would've won crazy for that one too. A.
Hundred percent. I screamed at my house <laugh> I screamed at my house,
my wife every now and then in a fight, like, you know,
when I'm watching fights at home, I scream. And then my,
my wife has to realize I'm watching fights <laugh> cause I'm by myself in the
theater go. Wow. <laugh> yeah, that was, that was one that, um, for sure,
would've got a giant reaction from the crowd. Yeah. Is it? Yeah.
Is so what is like, do you have a,
a favorite moment as a fighter or do you have, you, you have so many knockouts.
Yeah. You have the most knockouts ever in the heavyweight division. Yeah.
It's crazy because I wasn't even really going for that. Um,
my favorite one, it,
it has to be VO off VO off cuz I was telling my coaches and
my camp before that fights, like I'm fighting a Russian guy.
It'd be cool if I could, um,
get one of those rocket type fights <laugh> and showing up it was a rocket type
fight and like so crazy. So crazy.
It ended just like a Rocky movie.
Yeah, there it is. Boom, my goodness. That crazy.
Then like a few minutes before that he's I hit him and he's saying that his
mouthpiece was my mouthpiece. I said, nah, that's not my mouthpiece.
I said he boo. Okay. I guess.
Yeah, that, that was pic. That, that K back up to the, the right hand again.
That drops him. That was picture perfect.
There it is. Boom. I mean timing, distance, everything.
It was picture. Perfect. And the fact that you did this deep into the fight,
look at this.
Yeah.
Does this feel, does it feel surreal watching yourself?
Oh yeah. All the time. All the time.
When you watch yourself on television, like what goes through your head?
When you see something like this? I'm like.
Man, I don't look that Fanm person <laugh> I don't look fat whenever I watch my
highlight. Like then you see me in person. Like you lost some weight. No,
I ain't losing no weight. That's the TV. It probably was the Fox sports,
Fox sports ESPN. I think I look a little smaller now.
Fox sports cameras make me look fat.
<Laugh> I think everybody thinks they look fat when they see themselves on
television. I think I look fat when I walk by a mirror <laugh> I'm like,
come on really? There's all this. Yeah. But you know,
if you do drop down to, you know, whatever you want to get to to two 40 or two,
maybe, maybe then you can see a little.
Six pack. Yeah. Then you know, I would walk around. I walk around with no shirt,
but now I don't like walking around with a shirt,
with no shirt in front of my sons, my boys, they always call me fat.
<laugh> still cause they got six packs.
So then like I make it seem like they don't bother me,
but I gonna cry in a room. <laugh>.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experie on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.